two days ago I had this nice simple life
I know it's a nightmare
[Music]
stop
who are you
[Music]
my name is Sarah Connor never seen one
like you before
almost human
I am human
don't you care what happens to her
because I was her
now do we win we win play keeping you
alive
I'm going hunting how do we win we win
by keeping your lives
terminator dark state is the direct
sequel to terminator to pick up the
characters that we knew from Terminator
2 and we carry them forward we get to
continue to story with Jim backed and
the writing in the producing chair
he knows the material nobody else
I think for fans of the franchise the
biggest thing is that Linda's return
people love this character people love
Sarah
big back is wonderful saris a force to
be reckoned with
and I was ready to explore that I'm
delighted to work again within the
Hamilton the work with Cameron Tim
Miller played with all the new cast
this new film has recaptured that tone
of those first two films it's gritty
it's fast its intense and it's just a
white-knuckle ride
[Music]
I've got none
you know
[Music]